Current_day_by_Technician.xlsx

RequestID	
Requester	
Requester Job Title	
Request Mode	
Category	
Sub Category	
Subject	
Priority	
Impact	
Urgency	
Resolved By	
Request Status	
Created Time	
Assigned Time	
Responded Date	
Resolved Time	
Response Due By Time	
First Response Overdue Status	
Due By Time	
Technician	
Time Elapsed	
Overdue Status	
Resolution	
Request Type	
VIP User	
Site	
On Behalf Of User	
Created By	



Service_Desk_Incident_Management_Ticket_Audits.xlsx
Technician	
Request ID	
Subject	
Completed Date	
Manager
Has the "Requester Name" been updated to reflect who the ticket is for? (Section 2b)	
Has the ticket "Subject" been updated to leverage the naming convention "SERVICE - Brief Description of Issue or Request"? (Section 5a ix)	
Did the technician search for and note a relevant Solution article, if one exists? (Section 8b)	
Did the technician provide clear and detailed notes, documenting all steps taking during troubleshooting? (Section 9)	
Are the resolutions notes clearly and fully documented, including the exact steps taken for resolution? (Section 10a)	
If no solution article existed, did the technician submit a new solution article request? (Section 10e)	
Notes


Technician - Technician column of Current_day_by_Technician excel-no need of Gen AI Implementation	
Request ID - RequestID	of Current_day_by_Technician excel-no need of Gen AI Implementation
Subject	 -   Subject of Current_day_by_Technician excel-no need of Gen AI Implementation
Completed Date	- Resolved Time of Current_day_by_Technician excel-no need of Gen AI Implementation
Manager - "Saravanan"-no need of Gen AI Implementation

Has the "Requester Name" been updated to reflect who the ticket is for? (Section 2b)- Here we need to check the Requester column of Current_day_by_Technician excel if data available then we need to fill "No Audit" else "Normal Audit reuired"-no need of Gen AI Implementation	

Has the ticket "Subject" been updated to leverage the naming convention "SERVICE - Brief Description of Issue or Request"? (Section 5a ix)- Here we need to check the Subject column of Current_day_by_Technician excel if data available then we need to fill "No Audit" else "Normal Audit reuired"- Here Gen AI need on below condition we need to check the format of the subject description if certain format available then "No Audit" else "Normal Audit reuired"
correct format like one word with capital letter followed by - then subject description
'CLOCK - Adjust and Add EST clock'
'CASEWARE - Unable to access the file'
'CASEWARE - Server licensing issue.'
'PASSWORD - DS1 account'
'SPAM - Email from aol.com'
'PPC - Single audit missing template update'
'QUICKBOOKS - Unable to map R drive'

Incorrect format

'Password - No access to Work'
'Email may be fake'
'CCH Axcess - Not able to update'
'Security - Email with "Remittance" Subject'
'Immediate Action Required: Return of Berdon HP Laptops'
	

Did the technician search for and note a relevant Solution article, if one exists? (Section 8b)	- Here we need to check the Resolution column  of Current_day_by_Technician excel data if the word 'KBA' or 'Solution article' or Auto resolved then we need to fill "No Audit" else "Normal Audit reuired"-no need of Gen AI Implementation	

Did the technician provide clear and detailed notes, documenting all steps taking during troubleshooting? (Section 9)-Here we need to check the Resolution column  of Current_day_by_Technician excel data if 'KBA' or 'Auto resolved' or user confirmation found or available then we need to fill "True" else "False"
	
Are the resolutions notes clearly and fully documented, including the exact steps taken for resolution? (Section 10a)- Here we need to check the Resolution column  of Current_day_by_Technician excel steps described clearly to troubleshoot if mentioned then 'Yes' else 'No'
	
If no solution article existed, did the technician submit a new solution article request? (Section 10e)	- Here we need to check the resolution column of Current_day_by_Technician excel that the word 'new KBA' or 'new solution article' exists then 'yes' else 'No'

Notes- in notes column we need to fill the why it fail like Audit required or No is coming what is the reason ?


